Nana
Jai ​​Jagannath
pish
four years continue four years claim three three
claims three claim case
you also payment
approval late
IC very process very speed very speed
see many people heard market icd claim ho
gley
no year claim
three claim ko problem problem claim
aur problem
good
policy service policy new
agent ko bhi service mil jo help
service mil friends khaali aapli kaam
brother pakhi pakhi seven years customer
company
problem
ko si problem nahi problem face nahi problem
bindas process all approval immediate approval
discharge immediate approval money
payment ko problem no friends khaali aap
policy health policy you choose the right advisor
today you are very advisor kuntu you pish kar to aap
company kaam aap saharan bh agent dhantu you
advisor's personal insurance work
advisor's customer customer ko service do
not see all this you choose pis kar Jai Jagannath
friend no thank you Nana Jai ​​Jagannath